Git and related corrections and improvements (#182)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: documentation/content/en/articles/committers-guide/_index.adoc

However, there are times when you may wish to do a shallow clone.

===== Branch names
The branch names in the new Git repositories are similar to the old names.
For stable branches, the names are `stable/X` where `X` is a major release (for example, 12 or 13).
The main branch in the new repository is `main`.

> Both reflect the defaults of Git at the time they were created.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: I think, we can remove this sentence from the paragraph.

However, there are times when you may wish to do a shallow clone.

===== Branch names

> The branch names in the new Git repositories are similar to the old names.

Author: ```suggestion
Branch names in the Git repositories are similar to the pre-Git names.
```

Author: @bsdimp is this a reasonable way to avoid saying old and new?

> For the stable branches, they are `stable/X` where `X` is the major release (like 11 or 12).

Author: <[`e560fc3` (#182)](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-doc/pull/182/commits/e560fc3bab11b3849411e35614ca132959dfd0f1#diff-28bd6e878c46180f486bf35004b04f85b2cae0519446044ab404f3688090e307R439)> fixes this, and rephrases the sentence.

% git checkout main
% git cherry-pick old_branch..your_branch
....
Alternatively, do the same thing with rebase:
[source,shell]
....

> % git rebase --onto main master your_branch

Author: Should we edit the `master` part of this example?

Reviewer: No. This whole section can be deleted to. It's about migrating from the old github mirror, which is 3 years gone now. So the example with master is right for that, but it's no longer relevant, imho, so it should just be deleted rather than updated and/or fixed.... While one might still have work in a git-svn tree, I think that time has passed as well...

Author: Resolved with deletion of the entire subsection in [`f1c95fe` (#182)](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-doc/pull/182/commits/f1c95fe2485e42b6b8b085ba8d280a5d27328610).

==== Developers

> ===== Ooops! I committed to `main`.

Author: We can make it better, and keep it fairly colloquial, however: 

* the current wording wrongly implies that `main` is not a branch.

> ===== Ooops! I committed to `main`.

Author: Fixed with <[`715da80` (#182)](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-doc/pull/182/commits/715da80916b297d253451e278e20ba6b22f2ca29)>: 

> ===== Ooops! I committed to `main`, instead of another branch.

In fact, please consider using the above license for your code.

The FreeBSD project discourages completely new licenses and variations on the standard licenses.

> New licenses require the approval of {core-email} to reside in the `src` repository.

Author: Under <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/articles/committers-guide/#pref-license>, the meaning of this line is unclear (there are three repositories): 

> New licenses require the approval of the [core@FreeBSD.org](mailto:core@FreeBSD.org) to reside in the main repository.

Does that mean, the `src` repository?

Author: [Yes](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-doc/pull/182#discussion_r1186858638).
